=pod

=head1 NAME

Data::Type::Docs::FAQ - frequently asked questions

=head1 DESCRIPTION

FAQs are the things asked by users.

=head1 FAQs

=over 3

=item *
Is it possible to add your my datatype at runtime and or install/configuration time ?

Visit C<Data::Type::Docs::Howto> "How to add new types" ?

=item * 
Is there a localized version for <insert your language here> available ?

It depends. Since B<Data::Type> is expandable via separate modules, you should try a search.cpan.org (as always) before starting to write your own.

=item *
How is a C<datatype> implemented ?

C<Data::Type> verifies a data or value B<datatype> with a testing procedure. It is similar to the C<Test> module. The
test program has one or multiple stages (which are called facets). If all facets pass sucessfully, a B<datatype> is programatically classified as "valid". This generic approach leads to reuse of facets and enough transparence to create instructive error reports.

 A fictive procedure for 'SOMETHING'

 sub test
 {
  ...

  ok( 1, Data::Type::Facet::max( 20 ) );
  ok( 1, Data::Type::Facet::min( 4 ) );

  ... 
 }

=item *
What are the minimal requirements for my own custom B<datatypes> ?

Minimal requirements are a package in the C<Data::Type::Object::> namespace and some methods. Refer to the L<Data::Type::Docs::RFC> for the exact API.

=back


=head1 CONTACT

Also L<http://sf.net/projects/datatype> is hosting a projects dedicated to this module. And I enjoy receiving your comments/suggestion/reports also via L<http://rt.cpan.org> or L<http://testers.cpan.org>. 

=head1 AUTHOR

Murat Uenalan, <muenalan@cpan.org>


=head1 SEE ALSO

See B<Data::Type::Docs::FOP> to get an extracted list of problems occured or by intention (by the author) can statistically occur quite often. Also visit the B<Data::Type::Docs::Howto> pod for a collection of procedures.

=cut
