=pod

=head1 NAME

Data::Type::Doc::FOP - frequently occuring problems

=head1 DESCRIPTION

FAQs are only the things asked by users who have overcome their motivation-curve to post a question. FOPs are things the author extracts from these questions (and one day will solve) or suffers himself quite often, but is not willing to change it in near future.

=head1 FOPs

=over 3

=item *
A function doesn't work. Somehow the try catch block isn't entered.

Bug
 dverify doesn't work.  Somehow the try catch block isn't entered.

Solution
 Was silly ';' missing after catch block ! This is a FOP with the Error module syntax sugar.    

Example
 
 try
 {
 }
 catch Error with
 {
 }

will fail ! Because the final ; is missing.
  
 ..

 catch Error with
 {
 };

is the correct syntax.

[Note] Visit the L<Error> module pod.

=item *
Datatypes not exported. Misleading perl complains.

Example

 Use of inherited AUTOLOAD for non-method Data::Type::VARCHAR() is deprecated at test.pl line 91, <DATA> line 4454.
 Can't locate class method 'Data::Type::VARCHAR' via package 'Data::Type' at test.pl line 91"

Problem
 codegen() isnt generating the proxy sub and the datatype name isnt exported

Solution
 Check for typos or whether you loaded the required collections for that type.

  use Data::Type qw(:all +BIO);

   shift;

   print "no dna" if isnt BIO::DNA;

=back


=head1 CONTACT

Also L<http://sf.net/projects/datatype> is hosting a projects dedicated to this module. And I enjoy receiving your comments/suggestion/reports also via L<http://rt.cpan.org> or L<http://testers.cpan.org>. 

=head1 AUTHOR

Murat Uenalan, <muenalan@cpan.org>


=cut
